PROJECT_TRACKER.md, before:

# P2P Data Products - Project Tracker

**Version**: v4.9  
**Status**: ✅ Active Development  
**Last Updated**: February 7, 2026, 12:07 PM

---

## 📋 OPEN TASKS (Priority Order)

### 🔴 CRITICAL (Production Blockers)
| Priority | Task | Effort | Status | Notes |
|----------|------|--------|--------|-------|
| **P0** | Fix 45 SQL injection vulnerabilities | 6-8 hours | 🔴 URGENT | Parameterized queries needed across codebase |
| **P0** | Complete login_manager module | 4-6 hours | 🔴 URGENT | Authentication required for production |

### 🟠 HIGH (Quality & Architecture)
| Priority | Task | Effort | Status | Recommendation |
|----------|------|--------|--------|----------------|
| **P1** | Fix 530 HIGH architecture issues | 2-3 days | 🟠 TODO | Use Feng Shui ReAct agent (autonomous) |
| **P1** | Fix Shi Fu failing tests (3/21) | 1-2 hours | 🟠 TODO | Update test data for new pattern detectors |

### 🟢 MEDIUM (Features & Enhancements)
| Priority | Task | Effort | Status | Notes |
|----------|------|--------|--------|-------|
| **P2** | HANA Cloud deployment | 1-2 weeks | 🟢 PLANNED | After security fixes |
| **P2** | Multi-tenant support | 2-3 weeks | 🟢 PLANNED | Enterprise scale |
| **P2** | Advanced analytics | 2-3 weeks | 🟢 PLANNED | Business intelligence |

### 🔵 LOW (Nice to Have)
| Priority | Task | Effort | Status | Notes |
|----------|------|--------|--------|-------|
| **P3** | Mobile optimization | 1-2 weeks | 🔵 BACKLOG | After core features stable |
| **P3** | Performance optimization | Ongoing | 🔵 BACKLOG | 142 MEDIUM issues from Feng Shui |

---

## 🎯 TASK GROUPS (Related Work)

### Group A: Security & Compliance 🔐
**Priority**: CRITICAL  
**Why**: Production blockers

- [ ] Fix 45 SQL injection vulnerabilities (P0, 6-8 hours)
- [ ] Complete login_manager module (P0, 4-6 hours)
- [ ] Security test coverage (from Shi Fu recommendations)

**Recommendation**: ⭐ **START HERE** - Security before features

---

### Group B: Quality Ecosystem (Shi Fu) 🧘‍♂️
**Priority**: HIGH  
**Why**: Build on Phase 2 momentum

- [x] Shi Fu Phase 1: Foundation (COMPLETE ✅)
- [x] Shi Fu Phase 2: Pattern Library (COMPLETE ✅)
- [x] Shi Fu Phase 3: Wisdom Generator (COMPLETE ✅)
- [x] Shi Fu Phase 4: Cline Integration (COMPLETE ✅)
- [x] Shi Fu Phase 5: Growth Guidance (COMPLETE ✅)
- [ ] Fix 3 failing Shi Fu tests (P1, 1-2 hours)

**Recommendation**: Phase 4 complete! Use `python -m tools.shifu.shifu --session-start` for automatic weekly checks

---

### Group C: Architecture Quality 🏛️
**Priority**: HIGH  
**Why**: Technical debt reduction

- [ ] Fix 530 HIGH priority Feng Shui issues (P1, 2-3 days)
  - Architecture violations
  - Performance issues  
  - UX compliance gaps
- [ ] Address 142 MEDIUM priority issues (P3, ongoing)
- [ ] Module health improvements (per Shi Fu recommendations)

**Recommendation**: Use Feng Shui ReAct agent (autonomous batch mode)

---

### Group D: AI Assistant Enhancements 🤖
**Priority**: MEDIUM  
**Why**: Foundation complete, now iterate

- [x] Backend implementation (COMPLETE ✅)
- [x] Frontend UX (COMPLETE ✅)
- [x] Database integration (COMPLETE ✅)
- [x] Error handling (COMPLETE ✅)
- [ ] Multi-turn conversations (P2, 3-4 hours)
- [ ] Context persistence (P2, 2-3 hours)
- [ ] Advanced prompts (P2, 2-3 hours)

**Recommendation**: Pause enhancements until security complete

---

### Group E: Production Readiness 🚀
**Priority**: MEDIUM  
**Why**: After security fixes

- [ ] HANA Cloud deployment (P2, 1-2 weeks)
- [ ] BTP integration (P2, 1 week)
- [ ] Multi-tenant support (P2, 2-3 weeks)
- [ ] Performance optimization (P3, ongoing)
- [ ] Documentation updates (P3, as needed)

**Recommendation**: Start after Group A (Security) complete

---

## 💡 AI ASSISTANT: WHAT TO WORK ON NEXT?

### Decision Framework

**User Asks "What's next?"** → Recommend based on context:

1. **If just completed Shi Fu Phase 2**: 
   - ✅ Recommend: Continue Phase 3 (Wisdom Generator)
   - Why: Momentum, pattern library ready to use

2. **If security vulnerabilities exist**:
   - 🔴 Recommend: Fix SQL injection (Group A)
   - Why: Production blocker, CRITICAL priority

3. **If architecture quality poor**:
   - 🟠 Recommend: Run Feng Shui autonomous fixes (Group C)
   - Why: Let automation handle it (don't manually fix)

4. **If no blockers**:
   - 🟢 Recommend: Next highest priority group
   - Why: Systematic progress

### Current Recommendation (Feb 7, 2026)

**Based on**: Shi Fu Phase 2 just completed

**Recommend**: Two parallel paths:

**Path A (Security-First)** 🔴:
1. Fix 45 SQL injection vulnerabilities (6-8 hours)
2. Complete login_manager (4-6 hours)
3. Then continue Shi Fu Phase 3

**Path B (Quality-First)** 🟡:
1. Continue Shi Fu Phase 3: Wisdom Generator (4-6 hours)
2. Fix 3 failing Shi Fu tests (1-2 hours)
3. Then address security issues

**My Suggestion**: Path A (Security-First) - production blockers should be fixed first

---

## 🚀 QUICK START (FOR AI RESUME)

### What's Working ✅
- Flask backend: `python server.py`
- 11 modules operational
- Feng Shui v4.1: 6-agent system (6x speedup)
- Gu Wu Phase 7: Intelligence Hub
- Shi Fu v4.9: Growth Guidance (Phase 5 complete) ⭐ NEW
- Joule AI Assistant: Fully operational

### Critical Files
| File | Purpose |
|------|---------|
| `.clinerules` | Development standards (read sections 5, 7) |
| `PROJECT_TRACKER.md` | This file (task priorities) |
| `docs/knowledge/INDEX.md` | All documentation |

### Quick Commands
```bash
# Start server
python server.py

# Run tests
pytest

# Feng Shui analysis
python -c "from pathlib import Path; from tools.fengshui.react_agent import FengShuiReActAgent; agent = FengShuiReActAgent(); report = agent.run_with_multiagent_analysis(Path('modules/knowledge_graph'), parallel=True)"

# Shi Fu analysis
python -m tools.shifu.shifu --weekly-analysis
```

---

## 📊 PROJECT METRICS (Current)

| Metric | Value | Status |
|--------|-------|--------|
| Feng Shui Score | 88-93/100 | ✅ Grade A-B |
| Test Coverage | 70%+ | ✅ Enforced |
| Tests Passing | 173/176 | ✅ 98% |
| Modules | 11 operational | ✅ Active |
| Shi Fu Score | Phase 5 complete | ✅ Growth Tracker active |

---

## 🏷️ VERSION HISTORY (Recent)

**For full details**: `git show v[version]`

| Version | Date | Summary | Details |
|---------|------|---------|---------|
| v4.9 | Feb 7 | Shi Fu Phase 5 Complete | `git show v4.9` |
| v4.8 | Feb 7 | Shi Fu Phases 3+4 Complete | `git show v4.8` |
| v4.7 | Feb 7 | Joule AI Assistant Complete | `git show v4.7` |
| v4.6 | Feb 7 | AI Assistant DB Integration | `git show v4.6` |
| v4.5 | Feb 7 | AI Assistant Backend+Frontend | `git show v4.5` |
| v4.2 | Feb 6 | Shi Fu Phase 1 Complete | `git show v4.2` |
| v4.1 | Feb 6 | Feng Shui Phase 4-17 Multi-Agent | `git show v4.1` |

**Older versions**: `docs/archive/` or `git tag -l --sort=-creatordate`

---

## 🐛 KNOWN ISSUES

| Severity | Issue | Impact | Workaround |
|----------|-------|--------|------------|
| 🔴 CRITICAL | 45 SQL injection vulnerabilities | Production security risk | Use parameterized queries |
| 🟠 MEDIUM | WP-PYTEST-001: pytest import bug | Test discovery issues | See git tag v3.28 |
| 🟢 LOW | Unicode encoding in quality gate | Non-blocking warnings | Ignore for now |
| 🟢 LOW | 3 Shi Fu tests failing | Pattern detector data structure mismatch | Update test data |

---

## 💡 CRITICAL LESSONS

**For AI**: Read these to avoid repeating mistakes

1. **Architecture First**: User discusses architecture 90+ min → implement THAT first, not features
2. **Test Verification**: Write tests, RUN pytest, verify passing, THEN attempt_completion
3. **Safety Checkpoints**: Git commit + push BEFORE critical operations (migrations, refactors)
4. **Use Automation**: Feng Shui handles architecture, Gu Wu handles tests (don't manually fix)
5. **Browser Testing Last**: Use pytest (1-5s) not browser_action (60-300s)

---

## 📚 REFERENCE LINKS

**Essential**:
- `.clinerules` - Development standards (ALL rules)
- `docs/knowledge/INDEX.md` - Documentation hub
- `tests/README.md` - Gu Wu testing guide

**Quick Access**:
```bash
# View documentation
code docs/knowledge/INDEX.md

# View standards
code .clinerules

# Search knowledge
grep -r "pattern_name" docs/knowledge/
```

---

**Philosophy**: 
> "Priorities clear. Tasks grouped. Next steps obvious."  
> "Git tags store history. Tracker shows NOW and NEXT."

Commit message:

docs: Add parked task - P2P Dashboard with KPIs

PROJECT_TRACKER.md, after:

# P2P Data Products - Project Tracker

**Version**: v4.9  
**Status**: ✅ Active Development  
**Last Updated**: February 7, 2026, 12:07 PM

---

## 📋 OPEN TASKS (Priority Order)

### 🔴 CRITICAL (Production Blockers)
| Priority | Task | Effort | Status | Notes |
|----------|------|--------|--------|-------|
| **P0** | Fix 45 SQL injection vulnerabilities | 6-8 hours | 🔴 URGENT | Parameterized queries needed across codebase |
| **P0** | Complete login_manager module | 4-6 hours | 🔴 URGENT | Authentication required for production |

### 🟠 HIGH (Quality & Architecture)
| Priority | Task | Effort | Status | Recommendation |
|----------|------|--------|--------|----------------|
| **P1** | Fix 530 HIGH architecture issues | 2-3 days | 🟠 TODO | Use Feng Shui ReAct agent (autonomous) |
| **P1** | Fix Shi Fu failing tests (3/21) | 1-2 hours | 🟠 TODO | Update test data for new pattern detectors |

### 🟢 MEDIUM (Features & Enhancements)
| Priority | Task | Effort | Status | Notes |
|----------|------|--------|--------|-------|
| **P2** | P2P Dashboard with KPIs | 1-2 weeks | 🟢 PLANNED | Typical procure-to-pay dashboard with trends, critical info |
| **P2** | HANA Cloud deployment | 1-2 weeks | 🟢 PLANNED | After security fixes |
| **P2** | Multi-tenant support | 2-3 weeks | 🟢 PLANNED | Enterprise scale |
| **P2** | Advanced analytics | 2-3 weeks | 🟢 PLANNED | Business intelligence |

### 🔵 LOW (Nice to Have)
| Priority | Task | Effort | Status | Notes |
|----------|------|--------|--------|-------|
| **P3** | Mobile optimization | 1-2 weeks | 🔵 BACKLOG | After core features stable |
| **P3** | Performance optimization | Ongoing | 🔵 BACKLOG | 142 MEDIUM issues from Feng Shui |

---

## 🎯 TASK GROUPS (Related Work)

### Group A: Security & Compliance 🔐
**Priority**: CRITICAL  
**Why**: Production blockers

- [ ] Fix 45 SQL injection vulnerabilities (P0, 6-8 hours)
- [ ] Complete login_manager module (P0, 4-6 hours)
- [ ] Security test coverage (from Shi Fu recommendations)

**Recommendation**: ⭐ **START HERE** - Security before features

---

### Group B: Quality Ecosystem (Shi Fu) 🧘‍♂️
**Priority**: HIGH  
**Why**: Build on Phase 2 momentum

- [x] Shi Fu Phase 1: Foundation (COMPLETE ✅)
- [x] Shi Fu Phase 2: Pattern Library (COMPLETE ✅)
- [x] Shi Fu Phase 3: Wisdom Generator (COMPLETE ✅)
- [x] Shi Fu Phase 4: Cline Integration (COMPLETE ✅)
- [x] Shi Fu Phase 5: Growth Guidance (COMPLETE ✅)
- [ ] Fix 3 failing Shi Fu tests (P1, 1-2 hours)

**Recommendation**: Phase 4 complete! Use `python -m tools.shifu.shifu --session-start` for automatic weekly checks

---

### Group C: Architecture Quality 🏛️
**Priority**: HIGH  
**Why**: Technical debt reduction

- [ ] Fix 530 HIGH priority Feng Shui issues (P1, 2-3 days)
  - Architecture violations
  - Performance issues  
  - UX compliance gaps
- [ ] Address 142 MEDIUM priority issues (P3, ongoing)
- [ ] Module health improvements (per Shi Fu recommendations)

**Recommendation**: Use Feng Shui ReAct agent (autonomous batch mode)

---

### Group D: AI Assistant Enhancements 🤖
**Priority**: MEDIUM  
**Why**: Foundation complete, now iterate

- [x] Backend implementation (COMPLETE ✅)
- [x] Frontend UX (COMPLETE ✅)
- [x] Database integration (COMPLETE ✅)
- [x] Error handling (COMPLETE ✅)
- [ ] Multi-turn conversations (P2, 3-4 hours)
- [ ] Context persistence (P2, 2-3 hours)
- [ ] Advanced prompts (P2, 2-3 hours)

**Recommendation**: Pause enhancements until security complete

---

### Group E: Production Readiness 🚀
**Priority**: MEDIUM  
**Why**: After security fixes

- [ ] HANA Cloud deployment (P2, 1-2 weeks)
- [ ] BTP integration (P2, 1 week)
- [ ] Multi-tenant support (P2, 2-3 weeks)
- [ ] Performance optimization (P3, ongoing)
- [ ] Documentation updates (P3, as needed)

**Recommendation**: Start after Group A (Security) complete

---

## 💡 AI ASSISTANT: WHAT TO WORK ON NEXT?

### Decision Framework

**User Asks "What's next?"** → Recommend based on context:

1. **If just completed Shi Fu Phase 2**: 
   - ✅ Recommend: Continue Phase 3 (Wisdom Generator)
   - Why: Momentum, pattern library ready to use

2. **If security vulnerabilities exist**:
   - 🔴 Recommend: Fix SQL injection (Group A)
   - Why: Production blocker, CRITICAL priority

3. **If architecture quality poor**:
   - 🟠 Recommend: Run Feng Shui autonomous fixes (Group C)
   - Why: Let automation handle it (don't manually fix)

4. **If no blockers**:
   - 🟢 Recommend: Next highest priority group
   - Why: Systematic progress

### Current Recommendation (Feb 7, 2026)

**Based on**: Shi Fu Phase 2 just completed

**Recommend**: Two parallel paths:

**Path A (Security-First)** 🔴:
1. Fix 45 SQL injection vulnerabilities (6-8 hours)
2. Complete login_manager (4-6 hours)
3. Then continue Shi Fu Phase 3

**Path B (Quality-First)** 🟡:
1. Continue Shi Fu Phase 3: Wisdom Generator (4-6 hours)
2. Fix 3 failing Shi Fu tests (1-2 hours)
3. Then address security issues

**My Suggestion**: Path A (Security-First) - production blockers should be fixed first

---

## 🚀 QUICK START (FOR AI RESUME)

### What's Working ✅
- Flask backend: `python server.py`
- 11 modules operational
- Feng Shui v4.1: 6-agent system (6x speedup)
- Gu Wu Phase 7: Intelligence Hub
- Shi Fu v4.9: Growth Guidance (Phase 5 complete) ⭐ NEW
- Joule AI Assistant: Fully operational

### Critical Files
| File | Purpose |
|------|---------|
| `.clinerules` | Development standards (read sections 5, 7) |
| `PROJECT_TRACKER.md` | This file (task priorities) |
| `docs/knowledge/INDEX.md` | All documentation |

### Quick Commands
```bash
# Start server
python server.py

# Run tests
pytest

# Feng Shui analysis
python -c "from pathlib import Path; from tools.fengshui.react_agent import FengShuiReActAgent; agent = FengShuiReActAgent(); report = agent.run_with_multiagent_analysis(Path('modules/knowledge_graph'), parallel=True)"

# Shi Fu analysis
python -m tools.shifu.shifu --weekly-analysis
```

---

## 📊 PROJECT METRICS (Current)

| Metric | Value | Status |
|--------|-------|--------|
| Feng Shui Score | 88-93/100 | ✅ Grade A-B |
| Test Coverage | 70%+ | ✅ Enforced |
| Tests Passing | 173/176 | ✅ 98% |
| Modules | 11 operational | ✅ Active |
| Shi Fu Score | Phase 5 complete | ✅ Growth Tracker active |

---

## 🏷️ VERSION HISTORY (Recent)

**For full details**: `git show v[version]`

| Version | Date | Summary | Details |
|---------|------|---------|---------|
| v4.9 | Feb 7 | Shi Fu Phase 5 Complete | `git show v4.9` |
| v4.8 | Feb 7 | Shi Fu Phases 3+4 Complete | `git show v4.8` |
| v4.7 | Feb 7 | Joule AI Assistant Complete | `git show v4.7` |
| v4.6 | Feb 7 | AI Assistant DB Integration | `git show v4.6` |
| v4.5 | Feb 7 | AI Assistant Backend+Frontend | `git show v4.5` |
| v4.2 | Feb 6 | Shi Fu Phase 1 Complete | `git show v4.2` |
| v4.1 | Feb 6 | Feng Shui Phase 4-17 Multi-Agent | `git show v4.1` |

**Older versions**: `docs/archive/` or `git tag -l --sort=-creatordate`

---

## 🐛 KNOWN ISSUES

| Severity | Issue | Impact | Workaround |
|----------|-------|--------|------------|
| 🔴 CRITICAL | 45 SQL injection vulnerabilities | Production security risk | Use parameterized queries |
| 🟠 MEDIUM | WP-PYTEST-001: pytest import bug | Test discovery issues | See git tag v3.28 |
| 🟢 LOW | Unicode encoding in quality gate | Non-blocking warnings | Ignore for now |
| 🟢 LOW | 3 Shi Fu tests failing | Pattern detector data structure mismatch | Update test data |

---

## 💡 CRITICAL LESSONS

**For AI**: Read these to avoid repeating mistakes

1. **Architecture First**: User discusses architecture 90+ min → implement THAT first, not features
2. **Test Verification**: Write tests, RUN pytest, verify passing, THEN attempt_completion
3. **Safety Checkpoints**: Git commit + push BEFORE critical operations (migrations, refactors)
4. **Use Automation**: Feng Shui handles architecture, Gu Wu handles tests (don't manually fix)
5. **Browser Testing Last**: Use pytest (1-5s) not browser_action (60-300s)

---

## 📚 REFERENCE LINKS

**Essential**:
- `.clinerules` - Development standards (ALL rules)
- `docs/knowledge/INDEX.md` - Documentation hub
- `tests/README.md` - Gu Wu testing guide

**Quick Access**:
```bash
# View documentation
code docs/knowledge/INDEX.md

# View standards
code .clinerules

# Search knowledge
grep -r "pattern_name" docs/knowledge/
```

---

**Philosophy**: 
> "Priorities clear. Tasks grouped. Next steps obvious."  
> "Git tags store history. Tracker shows NOW and NEXT."
